and across central Gaza Israeli
bombardment has reduced entire
neighborhoods to Rebel hanim Mahmud has
been speaking with Palestinians who've
been forced to flee multiple times and
say they still have nowhere safe to
go shocking level of Devastation here at
Dar balah City the eastern part of Salah
Road for a week the Israeli military has
operated aggressively here and as you
can see it has destroyed almost all me
of life in this neighborhood the
residential buildings infrastructure
public facilities that we can see entire
entire buildings have been flattened
completely this has led to enforcing
people into further internal
displacement what we're looking at is
more of a wasteland even if the war is
going to end people are coming back to
more of a wasteland this is more of an
annihilation of this entire neighborhood
and we are just still at the the
entrance of this residential block at
the eastern part of the city and already
shocked by the level of Destruction
residents of this neighborhood are
making their way back to check on their
homes and to see what they are able to
salvage from whatever belongings are
left inside we could hear people talking
about that the Israeli military has left
nothing for them it either it either
burned their belongings inside the their
homes or destroy all of their houses and
flatten them to the ground
we were forced to evacuate our homes 5
days later we came back to see it all in
Ruins this picture speaks volumes we are
now homeless nowhere to go we are now
living in the open with no roof over our
heads my family's other Home in the East
a four-story building was leveled to the
ground my father mother nephews nieces
cousins and brothers-in-law were all
killed my family has lost more than 800
members I came to this my second home it
is also flattened we are left with
nothing nowhere to go nowhere is safe
this huge hole on the ground here is
caused by at least one ton bombs that
been deployed and used by the Israeli
military to just not only destroy
buildings but they shakes the very
Foundation of all the residential
buildings in the area what you're seeing
here is the aftermath of an intense
bombing campaign carried out by the
Israeli military for the past week all
of it nonstop violence and
nonstop genocidal acts on the ground
here because the aftermath what looking
at here not just the physical landscape
of this area has a change but the
psychological and the physical trauma
caused the resonance here as they are
pushed into internal
displacement make sure to subscribe to
our channel to get the latest news from
Al jaaz